README.md, before:

# Demo API

## About
This is a demo API prepared for a coding assignment. It is a toy example with the goal of satisfying the following requirements:

- Respond to json requests
- Make a call to an external executable
- Approriately handle errors with the correct http status code
- Handle new requests while performing a blocking call
- Graceful shutdown
- Sample unit test(s)

This API supports two endpoints. 

The first one allows the client to browse through the file system of the server by exposing the `ls` binary.

The second API takes two soccer club names and returns which one is more likely to win along with the probability.

## Set up

First, clone the repository to your local computer

```
git clone git@github.com:Stratiev/api-demo.git
```

Then navigate to the project folder and set up your favourite virtual environment. Here we use `venv`:

```
cd /path/to/api-demo
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

Install the dependencies:
```
pip install --upgrade pip && pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Finally, run the live server:
```
uvicorn main:app --reload --app-dir app
```

You can check if the code works as expected by running the unit tests:

```
pytest test/unit_tests.py
```

Commit message:

Add probability endpoint. Rearrange folders. Update README.md.

README.md, after:

# Demo API

## About
This is a demo API prepared for a coding assignment. It is a toy example with the goal of satisfying the following requirements:

- Respond to json requests
- Make a call to an external executable
- Approriately handle errors with the correct http status code
- Handle new requests while performing a blocking call
- Graceful shutdown
- Sample unit test(s)

This API supports two endpoints. 

The first one allows the client to browse through the file system of the server by exposing the `ls` binary.

The second API takes two soccer club names and returns which one is more likely to win along with the probability.

## Set up

### Prerequisites

First, clone the repository to your local computer

```
git clone git@github.com:Stratiev/api-demo.git
```

Then navigate to the project folder and set up your favourite virtual environment. Here we use `venv`:

```
cd /path/to/api-demo
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

Install the dependencies:
```
pip install --upgrade pip && pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Set up external executable for /probability end point

```
pyinstaller --onefile external_executable.py
cp dist/external_executable .
```

### Run tests and use code

You can check if the code works as expected by running the unit tests:

```
pytest test/unit_tests.py
```

Finally, run the live server:
```
uvicorn main:app --reload --app-dir app
```

Now you can manually inspect the endpoints on the [docs page](http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs).
